You've seen most of the attached and the pasted text below. Basically, I'm stuck (again), kinda in a writer's block/slump. Not feeling motivated to work on any personal projects outside of work. I get a lot of fulfillment from work itself, but I'm also running into a wall there with a little bit of AI fatigue. I'd love to get a fresh set of eyes on everything across work and personal and just get a sense of where to focus, how to upgrade/update, what to leave behind, and how to grow more. I'd like to focus personally on growing friendships around my local area and community. I'd love to push myself to use tech to bring all of my ideas together. I'd love to make more money and push ahead at work. These are all things i'm capable of, but I just need to be focused, and right now I feel like I'm spinning a bit. Not sure what your ideal output back to me should be, but just a quick read and some advice. I'm a visual person so if you want to create an artifact that'd be cool. But, you don't have to go too deep; just your unbiased opinions on the most impactful work i'm doing and how to uplevel that work. Where to go next. How to package it up, what it's missing to be a home run project or goal, etc.

I'm pasting a shit load of context here and attached. Ignore everything that's directing "you" except for this: I need your help right now coming up with a master document or artifact that I can fill out with my thoughts around all of my latest projects, both personally and within my career. A lot has changed over the past ~1.5years since i've gone through a process like this (most for the better), but I feel like I can always improve. I just need you to tell me HOW to give you the best context to start giving me your solid opinions on how to be more successful and tie all of this shit together. So, let's have you come up with that document first, and then we'll rip it once I get you back all of the context you need to be successful to tell me your thoughts on my projects and momentum. Does that make sense? Thanks! if you think you have enough context now as-is, then we want a really comprehensive prompt that explains everything in detail to Fable on what the ideal outcome should look like so that I can learn and grow from your opinions on where to streamline everything.

essentially, i want to create a master prompt for Claude Fable to look at all of the work I've done so far over the past year and categorize it, finding where the shortcomings are, and where there are opportunities are for success. I feel like I'm both leaving a lot of work on the cutting room floor without publishing, as well as I'm not tying everything together to propel my career forward, faster than I am doing currently. Like, there are missed connections that, if analyzed, could coalesce into a really great model. I think the ideal outcome would be: a task list, in order of importance, of what to focus on to start capitalizing on my hobbies, my passions, and turn what had been just an idea into something I can be proud of and share with friends, colleagues, myself, and have it be useful. I'm going to type out all of my projects and give more context, but I'd love to know the usefulness of each project I'm currently involved with, as well as the level of difficulty to complete, and the upside opportunity. Maybe a grid or quadrant to showcase this could be helpful. I'm a very visual learner, rather than a reader, so whatever we can do to streamline the visual ideas for putting this together would be helpful.   Anyway, all you need to do right now is to come up with the prompt itself to start this analysis, since I don't know what this would be called normally. Surely, there are existing frameworks to streamline your life's work lol so let's have you draft up what that prompt could look like, with placeholders for projects, my thoughts, opinions, any context, etc. But, I leave it up to you to think through what to actually put into this prompt to make it super robust for the most advanced LLM/model to understand and get to work.

Examples of my projects are attached and below:
https://mymain.quest/
https://rerollirl.com/